---
title: "Bangkok Art Exhibition"
date: 2020-09-02 21:05:56
slug: 2020-bangkok-art-exhibition
draft: false
location: "Bangkok Art and Culture Centre (BACC)"
locationLink: "https://maps.app.goo.gl/3MezTvEts8ypaetJ6"
eventDate: 2020-11-11 17:00:00
afisha: "2020-11-03-bangkok-afisha.jpg"
tags: ["exhibition", "group exhibition", "essential"]
---

The Embassy of Ukraine in the Kingdom of Thailand invites you to the Presentation of the Exhibition “UKRAINIAN WOMEN IN MODERN ART” On Wednesday, November 11th 2020, at 5:00 pm Curved Walls 4 - 5th floor, Bangkok Art and Culture Centre (BACC) Exhibition “UKRAINIAN WOMEN IN MODERN ART” This Exhibition combines three personal exhibitions of three different Ukrainian women that work in three different areas of modern art. All three artists are famous both in Ukraine and worldwide. You will see the atmospheric paintings of Tetiana Cherevan, inspired by Ukraine and Thailand, fantastic world of Natalia Kolpakova printed on silk, as well as photos by Dominika Dyka that depicts diversity, beauty and unique culture of different regions of Ukraine. Tetiana Cherevan - Ukrainian artist and Human of the World. Loving life, art and her family. While traveling the artist discovers new worlds and creates new paintings. In hеr artistic work Tatiana explores women and herself, encouraging to admire women through subtle depiction of her individuality and sophisticated inner world. The featured series of canvases was born during the artist’s journey to Koh Samui – a Thai island. During the first visit, in 2014, Tetiana and her family came across an abandoned art gallery. A local artist, who had once owned it, died long ago, yet, they made friends with his granddaughter. During a new trip to Samui in 2017, Tetiana visited that place again to discover the gallery in hideous condition, with the leaking roof, crumbling walls and paintings damaged by termites. The artist decided to take and use some of the undamaged canvases in her new project. Tetiana captures delicate and powerful female features to show ‘the infinite in finite’ instead of mere depicting their beauty. The floral, Art Nouveau ornamentation underlines the temporality of all material things, as there’s nothing more transient than the life of a flower. The centricity of compositions and static poses of the models strengthen the hieratical flavor of the paintings, while generously applied golden tint is traditionally associated with light and spiritual growth. Tetiana paints the world, feeling pain or love by every fiber of her soul, creating art not with her hand but with her heart. The more sensitive the subject gets, the stronger the canvas perceives it, absorbing the emotions, experiences, and energy of the creator. Her paintings are a journey into the subconscious realm of impressions, into the world of feelings, individual and universal. Refined lines flow and dance captivating viewers by fascinating beauty. The images of young ladies are harmoniously floriated. Their bodies flow into ornamentation and ornamentation – into bodies. Exhibitions: During the past 15 years Tetiana has been an active participant of miscellaneous exhibitions in Ukraine and abroad: Berlin, Paris, London, New York, Montreal, San Francisco, Los Angeles. All in all more than 80 exhibitions.

{{< gallery match="opening/*" sortOrder="asc" rowHeight="150" margins="5" thumbnailResizeOptions="600x600 q90 Lanczos" showExif=true previewType="blur" embedPreview=true loadJQuery=true >}}